New CLI help reference for studio and db commands (#10390)
withastro/astro: .changeset/thirty-bags-live.md

---
"astro": patch
"@astrojs/db": patch
---

> Add --help reference for new db and studio commands

Reviewer: Changeset nit

```suggestion
Adds `--help` reference for new db and studio CLI commands
```
